Added articles "Reply to user reviews" & "Verify account information" (#1963)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/publish/verify-microsoft-edge-program.md

You can go to [Legal info](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/account/v3/organization/legalinfo#developer) in Partner Center to monitor verification status for the Microsoft Edge Developer program.

When account verification is complete, you can use your Partner Center dashboard to publish your extension to the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.

Verification usually takes three to five business days. If more than five days have passed, you can contact [Microsoft Edge Extensions support](/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/publish/contact-extensions-team/) for assistance.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## What is verified and what is required for a company account?

This section describes the types of verification, what is verified, and suggestions for meeting verification requirements.

### Verify Email ownership

Email ownership verifies that the primary contact (primary email) address is valid.

* The primary contact email address must be a work account that is monitored and can send/receive email.

> * Avoid using a personal email address not associated with the company domain, or a tenant user credential not associated with email. For example, jsmith@testcompany on microsoft.com, or abc@gmail.com.

Reviewer: @vchapel - "jsmith@testcompany.onmicrosoft.com or abc@gmail.com", are these cleared account names? 

Also, a complete sentence would disambiguate whether these are positive or negative examples.

> * Avoid using a personal email address not associated with the company domain, or a tenant user credential not associated with email. For example, jsmith@testcompany on microsoft.com, or abc@gmail.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Avoid using a personal email address not associated with the company domain, such as abc@gmail.com.
* Avoid using a tenant user credential that's not associated with email, such asjsmith@testcompany on microsoft.com.
```

Business verification confirms that the enrolling company is a legitimate business entity and at the stated address.

#### Suggestions

Submit one of the following documents for business verification:

* Formation documents, such as articles of incorporation, partnership deed.
* Franchise or agency appointment letters.
* Government issued letter, license, business registration, or tax registration certificate.
* Lease or tenancy documents.
* Letter or statement from a financial institution or a utility company.
* Record on a Government registry website. The site/link must be displayed.
* Stock exchange filings or tax filing records.
* External company databases, such as Dun & Bradstreet (DUNS ID) or state registry.
* Receipt from the company's home country, municipality.

Confirm that the company name and address in your [Legal business profile](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/account/v3/organization/legalinfo#developer) have no spelling errors or abbreviations. They must match your formal company business registration records exactly. If appropriate, select the match found in external company databases, such as Dun & Bradstreet (DUNS ID) or state registry.

> Microsoft uses this documentation to verify that the company is authorized to do business under that name, and that it is located at the address provided. For further assistance, go to your profile page to upload additional proofs through the [interactive vetting experience](#checking-your-verification-status) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft uses this documentation to verify that the company is authorized to do business under that name, and that it is located at the address provided. For further assistance, go to your profile page to upload additional proofs through the [interactive vetting experience](#checking-your-verification-status).
```

---
title: Verify your Microsoft Edge Partner Center program information
description: Learn how to verify your Microsoft Edge program information when your company enrolls in a new Partner Center program to publish extensions to the Microsoft Edge Add-ons store.
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 05/31/2022
---

> # Verify Microsoft Edge program information when you enrol in a new Partner Center program

Reviewer: Coordinate the TOC title, title: in metadata, and h1 (#) title.  fix "enrol" typo in title.  Design rule: the TOC title is allowed to delete some words, but not allowed to use different words than top-of-page title.
rule: title in metadata at top must be same as h1 (#) title

<!-- 
or (would have to change 3-5 spots):
# Verify your program information for Microsoft Edge Partner Center
-->

When you enroll in the Microsoft Edge program on Partner Center to publish extensions or change legal details in your profile, Microsoft verifies the information that you provide. Information can include your company name, company address, and primary contact details. During this process, Microsoft may send email to your primary contact to request verification.

You can go to [Legal info](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/account/v3/organization/legalinfo#developer) in Partner Center to monitor verification status for the Microsoft Edge Developer program.

When account verification is complete, you can use your Partner Center dashboard to publish your extension to the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.

> [!NOTE]
> Verification usually takes 3-5 business days. If more than five days have passed, you can contact support for assistance.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## What is verified and what is required?

| Type of verification | What's verified | Suggestions |
|---|---|---|

> | Email ownership | Email ownership verifies that the primary contact (primary email) address is valid. <br> * The primary contact email address must be a work account that is monitored and can send/receive email. <br> * Avoid using a personal email address not associated with the company domain, or a tenant user credential not associated with email. (For example, jsmith@testcompany.onmicrosoft.com or abc@gmail.com). | Be sure to flag email from Microsoft.com as a **safe** domain, and check junk email folders. <br> <br> If you don't receive the email ownership verification email message within one business day, you can ask us to send the email again. On to your Partner Center account, go to **Home > Account settings**. On the **Account settings l My profile** page, select **Resend verification email**. |

Reviewer: @vchapel - "jsmith@testcompany.onmicrosoft.com or abc@gmail.com", are these cleared account names?

---

> title: Verify your company account information

Reviewer: update the usual 3-5 spots: 

"title: " metadata, 
# h1, 
TOC, 
FTS link text in other articles.

> title: Verify your company account information

Reviewer: update the usual 3-5 spots: 

"title: " metadata, 
# h1, 
TOC, 
FTS link text in other articles.

description: Learn how to verify your account information when your company enrolls in the Microsoft Edge program on Partner Center to publish extensions to the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.
author: MSEdgeTeam
ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 05/31/2022
---

> # Verify the company account information associated with your Microsoft Partner Center account

Reviewer 2: I have made changes to this. @vchapel  pls review.

<!-- 
or (would have to change 3-5 spots):
# Verify your program information for Microsoft Edge Partner Center
or [Added by Ashish]
Verify the account information associated with the Microsoft Edge program of your Microsoft Partner Center account
-->

When you enroll in the Microsoft Edge program on Partner Center to publish extensions or change legal details in your profile, Microsoft verifies the information that you provide. Information can include your company name, company address, and primary contact details. During this process, Microsoft may send email to your primary contact to request verification.

You can go to [Legal info](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/account/v3/organization/legalinfo#developer) in Partner Center to monitor verification status for the Microsoft Edge Developer program.

> When account verification is complete, you can use your Partner Center dashboard to publish your extension to the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.

Reviewer: full-text search in repo: "Partner Center dashboard"   8 hits in 4 files

> When account verification is complete, you can use your Partner Center dashboard to publish your extension to the Microsoft Edge Add-ons website.

Reviewer 3: I am accepting Partner Center dashboard unless someone has an official ruling

> [!NOTE]

> > Verification usually takes 3-5 business days. If more than five days have passed, you can contact support for assistance.

Reviewer: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/help/contribute/markdown-reference?branch=main#alerts-note-tip-important-caution-warning - "Avoid Notes, Tips, and Important boxes. Readers tend to skip over them. It's better to put that info directly into the article text.  If you need to use alerts, limit them to one or two per article. Multiple notes should never be next to each other in an article."

> > Verification usually takes 3-5 business days. If more than five days have passed, you can contact support for assistance.

Reviewer 3: Added link and removed the other "note" to make it plain text, see how it reads

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## What is verified and what is required?

| Type of verification | What's verified | Suggestions |
|---|---|---|

> | Email ownership | Email ownership verifies that the primary contact (primary email) address is valid. <br> * The primary contact email address must be a work account that is monitored and can send/receive email. <br> * Avoid using a personal email address not associated with the company domain, or a tenant user credential not associated with email. (For example, jsmith@testcompany.onmicrosoft.com or abc@gmail.com). | Be sure to flag email from Microsoft.com as a **safe** domain, and check junk email folders. <br> <br> If you don't receive the email ownership verification email message within one business day, you can ask us to send the email again. On to your Partner Center account, go to **Home > Account settings**. On the **Account settings l My profile** page, select **Resend verification email**. |

Reviewer 2: The bar next to Account settings reads like an "I" 

Suggestion: Instead of Account settings | My profile please change to Account settings > My profile to increase readability.

Reviewer 3: changed to \| to retain table format and display pipe symbol

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Checking your verification status

You can check verification status at Partner Center in **[Account Settings | Legal Info](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/account/v3/organization/legalinfo#developer)**, where you can see:

1. One or more tabs such as **Partner**, **Developer**, or **Reseller**, depending on the programs in which your organization is enrolled.
1. Your verification status: **Pending**, **Accepted**, or **Rejected**, with a status icon.

> 1. The **Legal business profile** progress bar with an information icon you can select to get more information.

Reviewer 2: Suggesting a change in this whole section given that the UI has changed:

You can check verification status at Partner Center in **[Account Settings | Legal Info](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/account/v3/organization/legalinfo#developer)**, where you can see:

1. One or more tabs such as **Partner**, **Developer**, or **Reseller**, depending on the programs in which your organization is enrolled. If you have registered for the Microsoft Edge program you will see the Developer tab. 
1. On the developer tab, you will see the **Account details** progress bar showing the various stages of verification and the pending stages. 
1. Your verification status: **Pending**, **Authorized/Accepted**, or **Action Required/Rejected**, with a status icon.
1. A "Fix Now" button.

Reviewer 3: @[ashishnirvana1 Is the "The **Legal business profile** progress bar with an information icon you can select to get more information." line still needed?

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Verification status

There are three possible results when you check your verification status:

*   **Authorized/Accepted**: The information you submitted was verified, and you're notified of your acceptance into the program. No further action is required.

> *   **Pending**: The verification process has started but isn't complete. No action is required. You can monitor verification status at Account Settings | Legal Info. Verification usually takes 3-5 business days.

Reviewer 2: Suggested change - becuase the pending status could also be because email verification is pending on part of the developer. 

**Pending**: The verification process has started but isn't complete. If you have completed the email verification step, no additional action is required on your part. You can monitor verification status at Account Settings | Legal Info. Verification usually takes 3-5 business days.

Reviewer 3: changed

> *   **Rejected**: The information you submitted couldn't be verified. The reason and instructions for [how to appeal](#appealing-a-rejected-application) appear in the Account Verification pane.

Reviewer 2: The second sentence can be changed to: Visit [Appealing a rejected application ](#appealing-a-rejected-application) section for instructions on how to appeal a rejection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Rejected**: The information you submitted couldn't be verified. The reason, and instructions for how to appeal, appear in the **Account Verification** pane. See [Appealing a rejected application](#appealing-a-rejected-application), below.
* ```

Reviewer 3: fixed

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Appealing a rejected application

To appeal a rejected application:

1. At **[Account Settings | Legal Info](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/account/v3/organization/legalinfo#developer)**, select **Fix now**.
1. In **Account Verification**, from **Select document type to upload**, select the type of document that you want to upload for verification.
1. In **Enter your comment**, you can enter more information about your appeal.
1. Select **Upload**.

The amount of time required to review an appeal varies. You can return to **[Account Settings | Legal Info](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/account/v3/organization/legalinfo#developer)** to check verification status at any time. Verification status is **Pending** during the review.

> ![Account Settings | Legal Info](media/account-settings-legal-info-microsoft-edge-partner-center.png)

Reviewer: @ShashankMG123 commented: "Account settings image is not very clear can we get another image?"

Confirmed, right-click > "Open image in new tab" doesn't show more detail; the png lacks detail.

Rendered: https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/publish/verify-microsoft-edge-program?branch=pr-en-us-1963#appealing-a-rejected-application

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
> [!NOTE]

> > Switching back to single account from an enterprise account is not possible. Refer to the documentations to make an informed decision.

Reviewer 2: Change single account -> to "individual account"

Reviewer 3: done

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Next steps

> To display your verification status, go to [Partner Center](https://partner.microsoft.com/dashboard/microsoftedge/public/login?ref=dd) and then select **Account settings**.  Continue to build, test, and prepare your submissions while you wait for the verification process to complete.

Reviewer 2: Change the word "display" to "view"

Reviewer 3: Done
